## Two-Phase Translation(两段式编译)

Templates are "compiled" in two phase:

1. Without instantiation at define time, the template code itself is checked for correctness ignoring the template parameters. This includes:

   * Syntax errors are discovered, such as missing semicolons.
   * Using unknown names (type names, function names, ...) that can't depend on the template parameters are discovered.
   * Static assertions that don't depend on template parameters are checked. 

2. At instantiation time, the template code is checked (again) to ensure that all code is valid. That is all parts that depend on template parameters are double-checked.

   ```
   template <typename T>
   {
       undeclared();
       undeclated(t);
       
       static_assert(sizeof(int) > 10, "int too small.");
       static_assert(sizeof(T) > 10, "T too small.");
   }
   ```

## Template Argument Deduction(模板参数推断)

T might only be part of the type. For example, if we declare max() to use constant reference:

```
template <typename T>
T max(T const &a, T const &b)
{
    return b < a ? a : b;
}
```

and pass int, again T is deduced as "int", because the function parameters match for int const &.

### Type Conversions During Type Deduction(参数推导时的类型转化)

Note that automatic type conversions are limited during type deduction:

* When declaring call parameters by reference, even trivial conversions do not apply to type deduction. Two argument s declared with the same template parameter T must match exactly.

* When declaring call parameters by value, only trivial conversions that *decay* are supported: Qualifications with `const` or `volatile` are ignored, references convert to the referenced type, and raw arrays or functions convert to the corresponding pointer type. For two arguments declared with the same template parameter T the *decayed* types must match. 
###  Deduction for Default Arguments(缺省参数的类型推导)




